							Mike....sorry about the huge delay...CES demos and other crap havereally screwed us up..	Here is a rundown of what you have....				1. 3 disks (put them all in one folder and run the build			called "BOB"								IMPORTANT FILES:					SFXEQUATES.H	;our sfx equates (all set to $82 for now)						MUSIC.ASM		;your code, drivers, etc						VBLANK.ASM		;our vblank routine						INITLEVEL.ASM	;our level init code						MAIN.ASM		;the main module with .bin includes and loads						BOB.ASM			;the bulk of bob's code									Due to the lack of time, this version does not have level per level	music loads but only onces at the beginning.	The music is loaded and then the soundeffects:					MAIN.ASM									jsr	initmusic					jsr	initsound	The sfx calls are					lda #SFXNNNNN				jsl	soundeffects					Also (i guess it figures) all the sound effect calls have not been inserted	but only a bunch of Bob's and his weapons,remotes,explodes,etc....		If you look at SFXEQUATES.H you will will find a bunch of SFXNNNNNN equates.	The first bunch (SFXGUN,SFXUZI...etc) have all been called up to the	point where the files says "unimplemented files".		Some of the calls may not be done correctly (repeating flame,etc) but	hopefully there is enough to make bob sound like he is doing something.		By the time you get this....the bulk of the calls will be in place (yeah).		Notes on bob:			Hit select 3 times during game play to stoke up on all			weapons and remotes.						Hit TL+TR on title screen to select other worlds				Since this is our first attempt at merging code, we might have mega	problems, so please call if anything looks screwy at all and we can	probably resolve it verbally or we can modem or fax you anything you	need.			Also, feel free to fix any bugs in our code.											Good Luck...ED from Gray Matter																						Phone:	416-842-5670								Fax		416-842-5687																	Post notes:			1.	Man i hope the link works...if any files are missing or			any labels not there....try dummying them or call us			and we will help you fix it					2.  You shoud probably have a "silent sound" to get rid of the			obnoxious sounds (ladder repeats, etc) or call and we			will help you call it correctly.					3.  Feel free to insert any other calls (jump, vomit) and we			can help you in getting the point in the code to call it.														Time for a pint...